Modify rule S103: LaYC format (#2063)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S103/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Scrolling horizontally to see a full line of code worsens the code's readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having to scroll horizontally to see a full line of code lowers the code readability.
```
All my Google hits use code readability and not code's readability.
"Worsen" sounds like a complex English word for the context.

Author: Aaah "lower", thanks! I was looking for it but could not find it :)
I'll replace with "code readability" then
